[Music]
small lizards birds and insects of the
normal quarry but for a few weeks a year
there's much more on offer marine
iguanas prefer to keep to the water's
edge but during the nesting season
females must brave it inland to find
soft soil in which to lay their eggs
but she must go carefully the hawk
patiently waits to see if she drops her
guard
she's reasonably safe close to her nest
burrows
but stray too far from color and she's
courting trouble
[Music]
the Buffalo know that if they stand and
face the walls they have the advantage
[Music]
sometimes these standoffs can last for
days
[Music]
but if this strategy were foolproof
there wouldn't be any wolves eventually
the Buffalo lose their nerve and make a
run for it
I can see how the wolves are testing the
Buffalo looking for a young animal or
one that is struggling
during the winter the Buffalo have to
break trail running through the deep
snow they tire more quickly than the
wolves
scattering through the bush forces the
Wolves to split up and reduces their
effectiveness
but storm is not distracted he's got a
lock on his prey
[Music]
it's a yearling calf storm is such a
huge wolf he's able to bring this 300
kilogram animal to a stop all by himself
these are the first intimate images of
Snow Leopard ever filmed in the world
[Music]
she greets her one-year-old cop
her den is well chosen it has
exceptional views of the surrounding
cliffs on these treacherous slopes no
hunter other than the Snow Leopard would
have a chance of catching such agile
prey
[Music]
a female with young makes an easier
target
[Music]
a large pores give an excellent grip and
that long tail helps her balance
[Music]
silently she positions herself above her
prey
[Music]
[Applause]
but here there are not just two but
three cheetahs a band of brothers
[Music]
they have changed their tactics and by
doing so have taken their prey by
surprise they have learned that working
together they can bring down large prey
[Music]
an ostrich a bird that towers over a
cheetah and is more than twice as heavy
it can't fly to escape danger but it can
lash out with a deadly kick a female
unaware as yet of any danger even with
three of them this is still highly risky
if one gets injured the other two
couldn't hope to tackle such large prey
[Music]
on the other hand if they get it right
the rewards are huge the male has
spotted one of the brothers but only one
it's not too worried
[Music]
then suddenly there are three
the female is slower to realize the
danger and the Cheetahs switched hands
[Music]
it takes the combined effort and weight
of all three brothers to bring down this
powerful birth even now the ostrich
could land a fatal kick
a lesser jerboa
a hunter needs supersenses to find such
small sparse prey the rules desert fox
has ears 20 times more sensitive than
our own the jeboa tries to hide but the
holes not deep enough the Fox is
sensitive nose tells him exactly where
to dig there's a sneaky backdoor if he
can squeeze through
time for the jerboa to reveal his own
secret weapon legs like a kangaroo
the Jabara can hop more than ten times
its own body length but long legs don't
make it easy to hide they come into
their own when the only option left is
to run for it
[Music]
sometimes getting over is tough better
to go under the jabo is quick but the
Fox is quicker the jabo is only hope is
to outmaneuver and he has one last trick
on his sleeve
[Music]
hairy feet a shock of hair on the sole
of his feet grips the sand for a quick
turn
desert survival requires sensible
Footwear
tonight the desert fox goes hungry
[Music]